Summarize

00:04
Uh, can you see my screen now? Yeah, I can see I. I have Stephen also who joined us now. Uh, might be better if we can just repeat the overall thing because he's gonna help me. History will. I was just explaining this to Muhammad that, um, we. That I've already, uh, you know, enabled the access from?

00:30
Atlant side, and we just need to add these. Roll ions into the trust policy of the roles that were shared earlier. These three rules. Okay, so for the same, I have. We have shaped the errands that we need to put, and this is the trust policy statement that we have.

00:49
And the, uh, the atlen dock that is there so? This will be the steps that we need to follow. Node instance roll number at. Yeah, this is shared already. Yeah, it's talking about this one. Node instance rules. So, this one is for depth and UV and the plot. So, the example of what gets replaced in that line in the middle of the snippet is check the number or the the whole thing, just this part, um.

01:23
We can just let me just. Something like this? Just this should do. Okay, and three separate numbers there. Okay, sure, no, actually. So, uh, this needs to be added into the, uh, Dev, one Dev IM role only. Yeah, since this is for depth, right? So, um, this is for death, then uid and the prod.

01:53
Similar to like, uh, for Dev, we need to add trust policy to this role. And.

02:07
Okay. All right. And then we come back to you. So? Once that is done. The you should be able to configure the connector. And if you face any issues then, uh, we can, you know, sing back. I'll keep the ticket open, and once you're done with the setup, and uh, we're good, then only we'll close it.

02:27
You can reach out again to the educative. Uh, effacing issues. But what I heard about this was in the? Workflow configuration. There was a. Uh, certain Fields about Secrets. Do we need certain secrets to be set up in kubernetes Secrets? So?

03:03
Come on! As it stands right now, nawaze, I am able to pull, um. The bear tokens from? Uh, from ID anywhere using GSM. And because of that, um? We can, like, pull together a basic script to do that. They won't be able to schedule. It'll be like a simple script that we can run from Sophia.

03:31
They can update that. Okay, yeah, I know. I mean that that one, we will just prove it out and take it to the implementation fully. Uh, but this one is like needed now yesterday. Okay, so we'll just follow the same pattern if this requires another secret. So my end.

03:54
What I mean is in. In this workload, double click, I guess.

04:04
Come on, buddy.

04:11
These things they don't open.

04:18
I am double clicking, clicking, and nothing is happening.

04:48
Hey! Press chunk. I got my notes written man, um? Basically. Mind has given some score Snippets that need to go in the trust policy of the arns created by that RDI team RDI idea rd18. And then we should be able to run it since, and then I had a question about the requirement for secrets in this workflow setup.

05:21
Uh, and I am not able to open this workflow thing now. Can you, uh, can you please click on the install and then try?

05:37
Where is it installing?

05:44
On the Atlanta Hardware on the tenant.

05:55
Hmm.

06:10
All right. Oh, this will be, I am rule. And. Yeah, then I think this will. No, I'm not directory, so is, isn't it self-deployed on time, or is it direct? Direct, not Str. I was under the impression that it has to be SDR because everything else is SDR in our workflows.

06:35
And hence this requirement for the secret store and. I'll show you one of our. Just. There is any misunderstanding here. I'll show you the work data breaks and snowflake. Workflow setup.

07:44
That's an SDR. Witness with a secret store.

07:52
Okay.

07:56
Let me let me check this with, uh, a wind, and then I'll get back to you on that ticket as well. For the same and? The same rule. That is something that we we have to do. So we, for now, we can proceed with that, and I'll get back to you on the whether we have to go ahead with the self-deployed runtime or the direct connect.

08:17
So, what is the difference here? If you can elaborate a little bit, and why does the director does not require a secret versus deployed Prime runtime requires one? All right. So, uh, directors direct actually works through the public internet, whereas uh, HDR creates a Azure user, you know, container that is running inside, uh, your environment, which, basically, uh, pulse data into Atlant?

08:47
So even here as well, you will have to go ahead with IEM role only on the authentication and for the secure agent configuration. Um. This is something, uh, that I'll confirm with Owen and get back to you all. Okay, so basically, I, you might be meaning that the direct runs without the secure agent it has to run through the secure agent.

09:12
Great! You have a secure agent installed for all the workflows. All the outline connectors? So, that means we have to go through the SDR. Where is the secret and what is the secret that is being used? Okay, let me check. The event is available right now. Okay. I don't know.

09:37
Actually, he's not available right now. Let me, uh, let me check with him and get back to you on the together for the same. Meanwhile, we can, uh, configure the IM roles are the same, because, uh, even with HDR, we would need the roles configured. All right, sounds good.

09:52
Waiting for it very, very early. Today is the like. The drop date date for us for the month and a, you know, accomplishment of completing the glue literally. We are cutting it to the last hour. Okay. Sure, we have to make sure that this runs. All right. Thank you.

10:15
Okay, looking forward. It might be too early for Owen. Actually, he is in California time zone rides. 6 a.m. for him, maybe? Yeah, he's he's over in California, right? Yeah, I think so. Okay. So, try whatever you can. I mean, Mayanda, we are looking forward patients Leslie sure. Okay, so I'll check and I'll get back to you, like as soon as possible.

10:44
Yeah, thank you, bye. Just, you can please start with the policy configuration, and then we can just test the connector out, right? Yeah, we'll do that immediately. It'll get done. Okay, okay, thank you so much, bye. Thank you for joining me. Thank you. Thank you. I'm sorry. 